Brief for customer module

This is the customer module, one of the important module to have in this platform. this is the place where the business manage the customer information, add new customer, and see all the history data from the customer, and this module is likely the module that always connect to other module in terms of data, history, and etc, so make sure when building this module we put attention to this one. so all the design, logic, flow, state, is correctly mapping.  for the flow of implement this customer module is 1. implement the customer view module
2. implement the creation of customer module, which we already created it when we add new customer in the POS flow, and we can use that, but make the adding customer flow is inside this module, so we can have the good URL. but for the add new customer in the POS module or POS flow in the class schedule we can make it to its parent module so the url is correct and good, but the data is connected to each other module.
3. edit customer is actually has the same view like add new customer but with predefined input based on the customer that we want to edit.
4. customer details, is where we see the details on each customer. 5. add complimentary credit flow, is flow is when admin want to give free credit to customer with the reason, expires. and this feature its not available to all roles, for now we can set it available to owner and branch admin, and the owner has the unlimited value to gift to customer, but the branch admin is have limited, and we can set it later the permission of this value and this feature in the “staff and permission module” 6. make the mock data for customer, and make it sync and connected good to all modules and reflected.

View 1. We have customer view, in this view we can search, export, filter and add new customer and also can import data customer in costumer module. the data view is table where we have table action to see and do the action on each customer like (see details, edit, add complimentary credit, archive, deactivate, recover, reactivate)

2. add new customer, in this view we have customer details section and address details section. and we can reuse this screen and logic and behaviour because we already created it for the POS flow.  3. in customer details we have side panel to see the customer simple information, the credit balance, the customer actions. we also have the tab in the customer details to see the information of the customer. the tab is:
1. Plan, this is the tab that has table that will hold the plan history and information from the customer, and also have the table action on the active plan to “freeze and cancel the plan” and also we have search bar and filter
- freeze and unfreeze plan is valid for membership and credit package, when we select the freeze plan it will show the modal to set the start date and end date of the freeze plan. make sure the start date is from the current date. for the freeze logic is when we freeze the plan it will paused for a sepecific time that we set in the end date, so the plan is expires in the 30 may but now its the 1 may and we freeze for 30 days, so the plan is frozen until 30 may and the expiry date is extend based on how many days we freeze.
- when we click unfreeze we will show the modal to see the start date and end date that we already set in the freeze plan, so we need to click confirm unfreeze.
- when we click cancel plan, it will show us the modal to see the summary of the plan that we want to cancel, and we have option to cancel (Cancel start today or Cancel at end of current period) and also we can select the reason of cancel.
2. bookings tab, this is where we see the upcoming booking and history booking from the customer, inside this tab we have 2 inner tab to see, overview (metric and upcoming booking, and also there is conditional metric which is waitlist, so when the customer has a waitlist the metric waitlist will show up, but if not have waitlist the metric waitlist is not gonna show up) and booking history (table to show the history of bookings and we have table action to see the class details, when we click the class detail we will direct to that class details. and also above the table we have search and filter).

3. payments tab, this is where we see the history of payment/purchase of the customer from the POS or others in customer side. inside this payment tab we have inner tabs overview (to see the metrics overview of the total spent, total refund, and net spend, also there is a gift card section to see the gift card that customer has, and the payment method that customer has or add in the customer side, and this payment method is connected to the POS payment method. if the customer have 1 card so in the POS if we select that custoemr the payment method with card only show 1 card. payment history tab (this is the table that show the history of payment/purchase from the customer, we also have table action for the completed payment status only to refund the payment, if we click refund we will show the modal to see the information and the option to select the refund method (cash or card on file)) and above the table we have the search and filter.

4. details tab, is where we can see all the details for the customer like personal information, sign in credentials, marketing preferences, emergency contact.

5. agreements tab, is where we can see all the agreement that customer has aggree when booking the class, in this tab we will have search and filter. and the agreements tab view is table so we will have table action to see the view aggreement details that will direct us to the details of the aggrement in the Aggreements module under settings later. so basically 1 agreement can have multiple version like the newer, so if the new agreement version is publish the customer need to agree on it in terms for booking class, is like that.

6. referrals tab, this is where we can see the how many people that succesfully reffered by the customer, we can see the metrics, the table and we can search and filter it. but in the table is only show the successfull people that has been reffered by the customer, and we can set the referral configuration in the “referral module under settings later”

1. Add complimentary credit flow, this flow is when we want to give the complmentary credit to customer, and after we give it as long as the credit is not used and not expired, the admin can still revoke (remove free credit) from the customer. when we want to remove the free credit we will show the modal with summary of the complimentary details, we can select the reason and confirm the remove.

2. import flow, in this customer we can import the data in modal view, upload the csv, xlsx, xls, we can also download the template so the imported data is mapping good. after we upload the data and next, we will show the import customer data and mapping the column that the uploaded file has with the column in the customer module has. after we imported it there is summary modal to show the total rows, valid, invalid, and imported rows. if there is invalid rows we can download the report in the xlsx format so see the all of the invalid rows.

Rules:  
1\. in this app the customer only can have 1 membership/multiple packages.
2\. please use the design that we already create, dont invent new things if we already have it, for example like filter side panel, layout, flow, components, etc.  
3\. Dont broke the current UI, module, flow we already create.
4\. make sure also for every module data is connected so it sync, for example if we delete, deactivate, archive, or other actions in this module it will reflect the table and other module, and for edit too and added new data too, delete, archive, deactivate, or other actions.
5. dont forget to use the empty state if the data/section that hold a data is empty
